hey this is Monique I hope you're doing
well today I'm doing another video for
what we ate as a family today I want to
show you guys what we eat as a family is
to inspire you to eat plant-based meals
with your own family I know it's one
thing to eat a meal you know eat lunch
by yourself and it's plant based and
there's no problem it's a whole nother
ballgame and bring your whole family in
on it don't deprive them of delicious
plant-based meals make it a family thing
make it a whole process for everyone to
enjoy
get your kids in the kitchen have fun
with this and share and enjoy now I know
in the beginning it's going to because
it was extremely difficult I have three
boys and they were not going to sense
lifestyle they were not feeling it at
all in the beginning but after being
consistent and persistent for the last
three years it has definitely paid off
they enjoy so many plant-based meals and
I want your family to too because I know
they can so let's go ahead and jump
right into the meals okay for breakfast
we're having grits I got this recipe
from vegan cooking with love my friend
Michelle I actually usually have rinsed
off just like water and seasoning and
stuff stuff like that but she did a
video mentioning that you can use
coconut cream and also use some almond
milk to make it even more creamier and
it is definitely creamy so I'll leave
that information description box for our
channel she has really really good
cooking videos on there and then I have
some tempeh bacon what I did it is last
night i steamed the tempeh for about 15
minutes cuz tempeh tends to have like an
aftertaste when you don't do that so I
steamed it for about 15 minutes and then
i marinate it in maple syrup soy sauce
liquid smoke a little bit of garlic
powder a little bit of pepper black
pepper then I baked it in the oven so
it's okay bacon is a great alternative
to pork bacon or turkey bacon if you
usually eat that and some fresh
pineapple okay so our water today is
some lemon water
it's been sitting for Oh 20 minutes now
so we're gonna come drink it probably
for another hour or so but yeah this is
looking really well thanks to everybody
who suggested all of the different
combinations in the video that I did for
this
okay so we're having soup and grilled
cheese sandwiches I know that doesn't
look like real cheese but this is like
the adult version of grilled cheese that
I got from chef Roberto Martin he has a
video here on YouTube with this middle
so I'll go ahead and make sure I include
it in the description box but basically
it's made on with the cheese I use the
vegan cheese if you never had a vegan
cheese don't expect it of course it
tastes like regular cheese and my pan is
very different but it does complement a
recipe and it just also shows that you
could pretty much eat a lot of the stuff
that you ate before if you're looking to
transition some more you know
plant-based meals so I got the vegan
cheese on here and I'm also using this
red this red under the onion jam that he
has it's like with the caramelized onion
and fresh well I use flakes of rosemary
Islamic vinegar agave nectar and then I
put one some C some mixed hands the
original recipe calls for arugula but I
didn't have any so put on some grisha's
some mixed greens and it also has the
vegan cheese you can see right there
that it mils cuz I know a lot of people
don't think that vegan cheese melts but
it does so the kids had their is the
normal way the regular wave of grilled
cheese because I didn't want to waste my
time putting all of this on there and
they look at me like I'm crazy so I just
put tomatoes
and also some some vegan cheese on it
and we use like an Italian bread for
this so the soup is very simple I'm just
homemade quick tomato soup I used onion
garlic some of course tomatoes vegetable
broth and then just cooked it all
together with some basil leaves and
instead of using like a heavy cream
Roberta chef Roberto Martin actually
suggested to me um not tomatoes potatoes
to make it creamy oh my goodness guys
this is so so so so good I can't believe
how good it is okay so we just came back
from a nice walk we're just gonna have a
little bit of fruit salad we have
bananas mango grapes and kiwi nothing
special just to kind of throw something
together for snacking so we you know eat
later on but yeah this is a little fruit
salad very basic we're getting ready to
sit down for dinner tonight we're having
some enchiladas and a basic salad this
salad is just you know lettuce tomatoes
spring mix carrots cucumber and capers I
love putting capers in my salad pour the
tortilla instead of using like a flour
tortilla I'm using corn tortillas for
the enchiladas and it's just stuck with
spinach and lentils very basic sauce the
sauce is actually you know just like
marinara and you know a chili powder
onion garlic very basic and the filling
has a lentils and onion and garlic and
sun-dried tomatoes some spinach
vegetable broth just cook it all
together for about 20 minutes or so it
does have multiple steps but this is a
great recipe once you make it the first
time it won't take you long at all to do
it again another thing I like is that I
usually double the filling because it's
just so good and we eat the enchiladas
the first night and then the second
we have the fill the rest of the filling
with like rice or some type of rap or
something like that it's very filling
love lentils they're really quick with
cooking and also they're accessible and
really inexpensive but just want to show
you guys what it looks like inside it's
good it's really good you can of course
do yours with flour tortilla which is a
little taste better with flour tortilla
but for Brandon I tried to make
different options for a vegan and
gluten-free but yeah I can't wait to dig
in
and that's dinner for tonight alright I
hope you guys enjoyed this video and I'm
so glad that so many of you enjoyed the
last video like this you can a comment
below let me know what you enjoy today
did you be anything good today
be sure to subscribe to my channel so
that you can get more videos like this
as well as some more blogs and cooking
videos